Update ogr2ogr.rst, hope I'm right about src and dst (#9542)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/programs/ogr2ogr.rst

.. option:: -clipsrc [<xmin> <ymin> <xmax> <ymax>]|WKT|<datasource>|spat_extent

>     Clip source geometries to one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Clip geometries (before any potential reprojection) to one of the following:
```

.. option:: -clipdst [<xmin> <ymin> <xmax> <ymax>]|<WKT>|<datasource>

>     Clip destination geometries to one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Clip geometries (after potential reprojection) to one of the following:
```
